I started my career in the French domain after coming across an internship flyer while learning the language. I went on to work at the French Embassy, the Indo-French Chamber of Commerce and schools. I enjoyed my work but felt there was a spark missing. 
While watching my friend work on a piece of code, I felt a fire reignite. I rediscovered my passion for coding and that’s when I decided on a shift in my career. I was working as French Translator and Learning Content Creator at the time and switched my role to Software Engineer while also pursuing a Data Science 
course at IIITH. My journey has helped hone many skills.

Learn Quickly | Problem Solve
  - The creation and management of business-critical employee records needed to automated efficiently to avoid errors and time consumption; Taught myself 
    PowerShell, Power Automate on the job to launch a CLI tool with tight deadlines.
  - Monthly validation and correction of employee and project databases was done manually or with Excel; Developed an application to perform this task with 
    decreased latency and increased accuracy by learning Python and Pandas. 
  - Learned teaching methods used in schools in order to create and redesign around 50 lesson plans, micro schedules, worksheets and question papers in the 
    span of 1 month so as to be used by French teachers of 12 branches of the school.

Build Relationships | Work Together
  - Counselled over 100 students as an education consultant under the French Embassy, helping them find suitable courses and universities for higher 
    education; Trained interns and volunteers for various events
  - Maintained productive relationships with associates in educational institutions to create partnerships between French and Indian universities; Acquired 
    new students and partners at while representing the Embassy at education fairs. 

I’m now pursuing a Data Science course and have projects related to Machine Learning, Databases, Web Development, etc. under my belt. My core skills include Python, PowerShell, C++, Flask, MySQL, Pandas, NumPy, ML Modelling, MLFlow, MongoDB, Docker. I’m enthusiastically grabbing onto 
any other languages, frameworks, principles that will help me train a computer to be a brain.
